# org.openapitools.server - Kotlin Server library for Keepa API

The Keepa API offers numerous endpoints.  Every request requires your API access key as a parameter. You can find and change your key in the keepa portal. All requests must be issued as a HTTPS GET and accept gzip encoding. If possible, use a Keep-Alive connection.  Multiple requests can be made in parallel to increase throughput.

Generated by OpenAPI Generator 4.0.0-beta2.

## Requires

* Kotlin 1.2.10
* Gradle 4.3

## Build

First, create the gradle wrapper script:

```
gradle wrapper
```

Then, run:

```
./gradlew check assemble
```

This runs all tests and packages the library.

## Running

The server builds as a fat jar with a main entrypoint. To start the service, run `java -jar ./build/libs/kotlin-server.jar`.

You may also run in docker:

```
docker build -t kotlin-server .
docker run -p 8080:8080 kotlin-server
```

## Features/Implementation Notes

* Supports JSON inputs/outputs, File inputs, and Form inputs (see ktor documentation for more info).
* ~Supports collection formats for query parameters: csv, tsv, ssv, pipes.~
* Some Kotlin and Java types are fully qualified to avoid conflicts with types defined in OpenAPI definitions.

<a name="documentation-for-api-endpoints"></a>
## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://virtserver.swaggerhub.com/magicCashew/keepa/1.0.0*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*CategoryApi* | [**category**](docs/CategoryApi.md#category) | **GET** /category | Returns Amazon category information from Keepa API.
*ProductApi* | [**product**](docs/ProductApi.md#product) | **GET** /product | Retrieve the product for the specified ASIN and domain.


<a name="documentation-for-models"></a>
## Documentation for Models

 - [org.openapitools.server.models.Category](docs/Category.md)


<a name="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization

All endpoints do not require authorization.
