# openapi-client

Keepa API
- API version: 1.0.0

The Keepa API offers numerous endpoints.  Every request requires your API access key as a parameter. You can find and change your key in the keepa portal. All requests must be issued as a HTTPS GET and accept gzip encoding. If possible, use a Keep-Alive connection.  Multiple requests can be made in parallel to increase throughput.

  For more information, please visit [https://keepa.com/#!api](https://keepa.com/#!api)

*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*

## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:
1. Java 1.7+
2. Maven/Gradle/SBT

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn clean install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn clean deploy
```

Refer to the [OSSRH Guide](http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.openapitools</groupId>
  <artifactId>openapi-client</artifactId>
  <version>1.0.0</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
compile "org.openapitools:openapi-client:1.0.0"
```

### SBT users

```scala
libraryDependencies += "org.openapitools" % "openapi-client" % "1.0.0"
```

## Getting Started

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://virtserver.swaggerhub.com/magicCashew/keepa/1.0.0*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*CategoryApi* | **category** | **GET** /category | Returns Amazon category information from Keepa API.
*ProductApi* | **product** | **GET** /product | Retrieve the product for the specified ASIN and domain.


## Documentation for Models

 - [Category](Category.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

All endpoints do not require authorization.
Authentication schemes defined for the API:

## Author

info@keepa.com
